hi everybody I'm here in Hawaii on the
beautiful North Shore Cynthia's my
planner behind us not out there because
I'm doing it interview with all you
lovely people at Network a-anyway I'm
Lois season 1 is finished and I'm so
stoked that you loved it and thank you
so much for all the kind comments and
all the love and support it was a crazy
year was such a good one and I can't
wait for many more adventures anyway I
have a few questions that you all sent
in and I just answer them Joanne lugan
well I love your series so much how do
you manage to motivate yourself when
you're at the bottom at the beginning of
the year I think at the beginning of the
year ours is to be lost and down I was
kind of more so struggling with myself
I've know rather than the actual
competitions and that makes sense it was
like I wasn't just losing in heat so I
was just like so not myself and that's
what really made me upset so I think I
said to focus on myself and the little
things in life and just and that's where
really everything just turned around and
just trusting myself again when I
started trusting myself again I just
felt like I was back in a new human
pretty much so yes
trust does amazing things next question
is from Yvonne turn she asked as a huge
fan of women surfing I'm stoked to see
low as a part of the WCT next season if
you had authority to add more of into it
would they be I could speak on behalf of
every girl on the top 17 and we're so so
excited to have lockers next to you and
also feed you that got added to so we're
all just we can't wait for 2014 so it's
really exciting but if we had to have an
event somewhere else it'd definitely be
hearing why we had events here back in
the day but nonetheless like four years
so be amazing to have an event back here
again
Ariane corset service Kayla asked
hi Laurie I really like a series do you
think it's more competitive on the
women's side of the men sir
I think it's it's hard to compare the
competitiveness of women's and men's I
mean this early 17 girls a little bit
slow to us so we'll find ourselves like
matching up against the same get the
same girls and most heats but I think at
the end of the day in every sport people
have different levels of competitive
I mean there's some people that winning
is everything and I don't know if me I
try to do my best in every contest and I
really want to try and win a contest
next year and work hard for that but I
think they're both people yes haven't
lost each other David fries and asked
puffy in the world is a massive issue if
there's one way that you could use
surfing to help the less fortunate of
the world how would you do it and what
you do I think as surfers we travel to
so many places in the world and we see a
lot of third world countries and how
poverty affects families children and
communities and it's really sad but I
mean as long as everyone just gets
together and gets involved in
organizations and charities and and all
those people that are pushing right now
and just get behind them and help sort
of Drive and just help in any way they
can I mean there's so many different
organizations out there to help whether
it's um
I mean poverty or clean drinking water
or in a depression and anxiety and
children's helpline and things like that
just all of that matters and everyone
deserves to be seen and helped I believe
so get behind the charity and
Sara Edwards asked what are you looking
forward to the most in 2014 what I
learned today will be forward to and
2014 it's been amazing and I've learned
so much this year and I just can't wait
to take everything that I've learned
from this year and just make next year
it's amazing and I've been working hard
and training hard and just I don't know
just having fun and experiencing living
and most of all in country because
that's all that matters really thanks so
much for watching guys and coming up
next year and for all the adventures for
them so
you